Introduction
============

udisks-glue is a tool that can associate udisks events to user-defined
actions. In that sense, udisks-glue is almost "glue code"[1], hence the name.

udisks (formely known as DeviceKit-disks) is an abstraction layer on top of
the Linux disks subsystems that, in conjunction with the other DeviceKit
subprojects, aims to be a replacement for the now almost defunct HAL project.

Like most other recent Linux desktop frameworks, udisks exposes its API via
DBus to its clients (often desktop environments). Users wishing to have more
control about what happens when specific disk-related events often have to use
a tool like halevt[2] or ivmon[3], which work on top of HAL. Now that HAL is
no longer being actively developed and most distributions are considering
dropping support for it, those users will have to migrate to a new tool, and
udisks-glue might as well fill that gap.

udisks-glue should eventually offer the most useful features found in the
aforementioned projects. As of now, however, only the most basic functionality
is available (mounting and unmounting removable media). Contributions are
welcome.

Note that this project is not affiliated with or endorsed by the udisks
project.

References:

[1]: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glue_code
[2]: http://www.nongnu.org/halevt/
[3]: http://ivman.sourceforge.net/


Configuration
=============

For configuration options and examples, please refer to udisks-glue(1).


Future goals
============

Our main goal is to expand the current functionality in order to provide a
decent replacement for disk-related use of halevt. Eventually, if it turns out
to be easy enough, we might support more events related to DeviceKit too.


Contributing
============

Any help is appreciated, please feel free to contribute. I'll review your
patches and commit them if they are in accordance with this project's goals,
and you'll be credited for the changes (I may ask you to change a few things
things before your patches are accepted, though).

For the time being, send your patches to:

Fernando Tarlá Cardoso Lemos <fernandotcl AT gmail.com>

Please format your patches with "git format-patch" and then attach them to an
e-mail instead of sending the patches inlined in the message. This makes it
easier for me to apply them.


Authors
=======

udisks-glue was created by:

Fernando Tarlá Cardoso Lemos <fernandotcl AT gmail.com>.

The following people have contributed to this project (in alphabetical order):

Jan Palus <jan.palus AT gmail.com>
